Update doc about QGIS_SERVER_PROJECT_CACHE_CHECK_INTERVAL (#8842)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/server_manual/config.rst

     - WMS

   * - QGIS_SERVER_PROJECT_CACHE_CHECK_INTERVAL
     - Controls the periodic strategy interval for cache invalidation, in milliseconds.

>        Default to 0 which select the legacy File system watcher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Defaults to 0 which selects the legacy File system watcher.
```
?
